source  source
alt alt
chrom   chrom
consequence consequence
consequence_in_canonical_transcript consequence_in_canonical_transcript
exome_AFR_ac    exome_AFR_ac
exome_AFR_ac_hemi   exome_AFR_ac_hemi
exome_AFR_ac_hom    exome_AFR_ac_hom
exome_AFR_an    exome_AFR_an
exome_AFR_id    exome_AFR_id
exome_AMR_ac    exome_AMR_ac
exome_AMR_ac_hemi   exome_AMR_ac_hemi
exome_AMR_ac_hom    exome_AMR_ac_hom
exome_AMR_an    exome_AMR_an
exome_AMR_id    exome_AMR_id
exome_ASJ_ac    exome_ASJ_ac
exome_ASJ_ac_hemi   exome_ASJ_ac_hemi
exome_ASJ_ac_hom    exome_ASJ_ac_hom
exome_ASJ_an    exome_ASJ_an
exome_ASJ_id    exome_ASJ_id
exome_EAS_ac    exome_EAS_ac
exome_EAS_ac_hemi   exome_EAS_ac_hemi
exome_EAS_ac_hom    exome_EAS_ac_hom
exome_EAS_an    exome_EAS_an
exome_EAS_id    exome_EAS_id
exome_FIN_ac    exome_FIN_ac
exome_FIN_ac_hemi   exome_FIN_ac_hemi
exome_FIN_ac_hom    exome_FIN_ac_hom
exome_FIN_an    exome_FIN_an
exome_FIN_id    exome_FIN_id
exome_NFE_ac    exome_NFE_ac
exome_NFE_ac_hemi   exome_NFE_ac_hemi
exome_NFE_ac_hom    exome_NFE_ac_hom
exome_NFE_an    exome_NFE_an
exome_NFE_id    exome_NFE_id
exome_OTH_ac    exome_OTH_ac
exome_OTH_ac_hemi   exome_OTH_ac_hemi
exome_OTH_ac_hom    exome_OTH_ac_hom
exome_OTH_an    exome_OTH_an
exome_OTH_id    exome_OTH_id
exome_SAS_ac    exome_SAS_ac
exome_SAS_ac_hemi   exome_SAS_ac_hemi
exome_SAS_ac_hom    exome_SAS_ac_hom
exome_SAS_an    exome_SAS_an
exome_SAS_id    exome_SAS_id
exome_ac    exome_ac
exome_ac_hemi   exome_ac_hemi
exome_ac_hom    exome_ac_hom
exome_af    exome_af
exome_an    exome_an
flags   flags
genome_AFR_ac   genome_AFR_ac
genome_AFR_ac_hemi  genome_AFR_ac_hemi
genome_AFR_ac_hom   genome_AFR_ac_hom
genome_AFR_an   genome_AFR_an
genome_AFR_id   genome_AFR_id
genome_AMR_ac   genome_AMR_ac
genome_AMR_ac_hemi  genome_AMR_ac_hemi
genome_AMR_ac_hom   genome_AMR_ac_hom
genome_AMR_an   genome_AMR_an
genome_AMR_id   genome_AMR_id
genome_ASJ_ac   genome_ASJ_ac
genome_ASJ_ac_hemi  genome_ASJ_ac_hemi
genome_ASJ_ac_hom   genome_ASJ_ac_hom
genome_ASJ_an   genome_ASJ_an
genome_ASJ_id   genome_ASJ_id
genome_EAS_ac   genome_EAS_ac
genome_EAS_ac_hemi  genome_EAS_ac_hemi
genome_EAS_ac_hom   genome_EAS_ac_hom
genome_EAS_an   genome_EAS_an
genome_EAS_id   genome_EAS_id
genome_FIN_ac   genome_FIN_ac
genome_FIN_ac_hemi  genome_FIN_ac_hemi
genome_FIN_ac_hom   genome_FIN_ac_hom
genome_FIN_an   genome_FIN_an
genome_FIN_id   genome_FIN_id
genome_NFE_ac   genome_NFE_ac
genome_NFE_ac_hemi  genome_NFE_ac_hemi
genome_NFE_ac_hom   genome_NFE_ac_hom
genome_NFE_an   genome_NFE_an
genome_NFE_id   genome_NFE_id
genome_OTH_ac   genome_OTH_ac
genome_OTH_ac_hemi  genome_OTH_ac_hemi
genome_OTH_ac_hom   genome_OTH_ac_hom
genome_OTH_an   genome_OTH_an
genome_OTH_id   genome_OTH_id
genome_SAS_ac   genome_SAS_ac
genome_SAS_ac_hemi  genome_SAS_ac_hemi
genome_SAS_ac_hom   genome_SAS_ac_hom
genome_SAS_an   genome_SAS_an
genome_SAS_id   genome_SAS_id
genome_ac   genome_ac
genome_ac_hemi  genome_ac_hemi
genome_ac_hom   genome_ac_hom
genome_af   genome_af
genome_an   genome_an
hgvs    hgvs
hgvsc   hgvsc
hgvsp   hgvsp
pos pos
ref ref
rsid    rsid
variantId   variantId
xpos    xpos
